[theme music playing]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Indistinct muttering]
Dr. Jang, good morning.
Mm, good morning.
Nice, you're right on time.
Yeah, I'm five minutes early.
[coffee machine humming]
Whoa, I didn't expect
there'd be a line already.
It's too early. Why are they here?
Well, this is what
the "morning" looks like.
It's usually 5:00 to 7:00 a.m.
[exhales in affirmation]
I remember everything about you
from middle school to high school.
Oh, you know,
you were so cute even back then.
-[Ik-sun] You're lying.
-What?
Come on, you don't even remember me.
[Jun-wan] What?
Ik-jun told me that
you were often confused
between me and Micky.
Hey, do the two of you
talk about everything?
We always tell each other everything
that makes us laugh.
-[scoffs]
-You're at work already?
-Did you just park?
-Mm-hmm.
I have an early conference this morning.
Don't you usually go to work
with Jeong-won?
He had to go in early
for an emergency surgery.
And now, I'm getting him some coffee.
Are you guys married or what?
You're being so good to him.
I know, right? Why am I doing this
to Father Andrea
when I should be doing this
for you instead?
-Hey, Ik-sun, elevator. Hold on.
-Mm-hmm.
Just hold on.
[Ik-sun exhales sharply]
[elevator dings]
[machines beeping]
PICU
[Jeong-won] I need to ask you to check
Jeong-hun's JP drain for any changes
and see if the output is increasing, okay?
Will do, Professor.
[rustles]
I'll get one iced Americano,
one hot Americano, and…
-Hot cappuccino, please.
-And one hot cappuccino.
[machine beeping]
-Who's the second drink for?
-They're both for me.
Oh.
-Here you go. I have my professor's card.
-[Seong-yeong] Oh, really?
Mm. Yeah, you should have applied
to GS too.
-[footsteps approaching]
-Good morning, Professor.
-[Jun-wan] Oh, hey, guys.
[cash register beeping]
Good morning, Professor.
Yes, good morning.
-Aren't you cold?
-Mm.
-Here's your card, ma'am.
-Thank you very much.
Which professor's card is it?
That can't be the chief's, right?
You're using a professor's card?
-Is it yours?
-Oh, no.
Professor Lee Ik-jun's.
I was on duty last night,
so he gave it to me to buy snacks.
Love is in the air in GS Department.
Hand it over.
You have to return it anyway.
I'll drop it off.
-[card rustles]
-All right.
Let's use Ik-jun's card
and order everything in this café's menu.
Then I'll get everything
starting from the café mocha
to that sparkling tangerine-ade
right at the bottom. One of each.
For every nurse in the PICU Department.
Well, then, I'll get…
[gulps eagerly]
-[alarm wailing]
-[upbeat music]
[tires screech]
[tires squeal]
[engine turns off]
[message alert tone chimes]
-[sighs]
-[music stops]
14,800 WON
JANUARY 23, 6:57 A.M.
[car door closes]
[car lock honks]
[message alert tone chimes]
[gasps in surprise]
[Ik-jun] What is going on?
[groans]
[quirky music]
[sighs deeply]
[exhales deeply]
Oh, Jang Gyeo-ul?
Are you having premium steak
for breakfast, 182,000 won?
Wait, she's having steak at the cafeteria?
[Ik-jun] Uh…
Uh, what?
What? I'm still waiting for the elevator.
I'm not in the elevator yet.
Hey, don't act like you can't hear me.
By the way, who is it?
Who's buying steak
at the cafeteria with my card?
[elevator doors open]
You, you should tell me.
I'm in the elevator now.
I'll call you back, okay?
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[button beeps and clicks]
Hey, why is it not closing?
I'm in a rush. Oh, my goodness.
Oh, nothing's going my way.
[Seok-hyeong sighs]
[Seok-hyeong] I really hope
she can hold out until Week 23.
-[Min-ha] I know.
-[Seok-hyeong] Is her husband here too?
[Min-ha] Yes, he took time off
from work to be with her.
Professor, she's really putting in
a lot of effort, you know.
I know.
She's feeling cooped up,
but she's not leaving her bed,
and she's even relieving herself
in the room just in case.
If we tell her the news,
she won't be able to get any sleep.
We should still tell her, though.
[deep exhale]
Okay.
[Seok-hyeong] Well, right now, from what
I observed, your cervix is a little open.
And because your baby is breeched,
the ultrasound shows its feet
moving in and out of the cervix.
[sighs]
But so far, they're not
completely out of the uterus.
Dr. Chu is monitoring it
throughout the day at the moment.
But if we find that your cervix
has dilated further by Week 23,
and if the baby's feet and umbilical cord
come out completely,
it may require emergency surgery.
Okay.
[monitor beeping]
[quivers]
What should we do?
It's okay. He's just saying
it's a possibility.
The feet are not out yet.
Yes, that's right.
If you notice that
your belly feels tighter than usual
or if you experience bad cramps,
let us know right away.
We will keep checking, of course,
but you'll most likely
be the first to feel that.
Okay.
We'll be careful.
We'll monitor everything.
All right, then.
[frightened sobbing]
[deep sigh]
Check the monitor
for signs of contractions.
Check for bleeding,
and see if she's feeling heaviness
in her pelvic region.
[sucks teeth]
I really hope
she can hold out until Week 23.
Our primary goal is to get
the baby out safely.
She'll need surgery
in case of notable decelerations
or cord prolapse at Week 23, okay?
-Yes.
-Double-check everything.
-[Seok-hyeong] I'm counting on you.
-Yes, Professor.
[relieved sigh]
[husband grunts]
[tender music]
[creaking]
[wheels rattle]
[thuds]
-Are you free this weekend?
-Why?
-We need to talk.
-Talk.
I'll tell you when we're all together.
Don't tell me…
you took out a loan.
[comical music sting]
[thwacks]
[chopsticks hitting wood rapidly]
[Jeong-won] All right.
Ta-da!
-Ooh, it looks delicious!
-[Seok-hyeong] Hey, Mom.
I'm having ramyeon for dinner.
Then I had a sandwich for lunch.
Oh, yeah, Jeong-won said
he has something to tell us.
Jeong-won makes the best ramyeon.
Oh!
[sniffs]
[splats]
-Oh, no. I'm sorry. Are you all right?
-[clanking]
Are you okay?
[blows air]
Yeah, yeah, I got it.
[blows, slurps]
[groans and exhales in satisfaction]
Yeah.
[munching and slurping]
[Song-hwa exclaims]
It's so sweet. It's really good.
Who bought these?
I did. They were on sale.
-Aren't they good?
-[Song-hwa] Mm.
They're really good,
but it looks like we should hurry.
Come on, guys, hurry up and eat.
What's the rush? Is someone else coming?
He's doing surgery here.
Hey, man, how many times
do you need to clean your hands?
Do the strawberries need surgery?
Are they sick?
[Ik-jun sighs]
Just eat, before these hungry bums
finish everything.
[Jeong-won] Come on, what's your problem?
There's still a lot left.
[munches, exclaims]
Hey, it's really sweet.
[exclaims happily]
Wow, it tastes like springtime.
What do you mean? It's January.
It's minus ten degrees Celsius out.
Maybe in his heart, it is.
Hey, Jeong-won, you said
you had something to tell us.
Isn't that why we're all here?
Yeah.
[sharp inhale]
-So, guys--
-[Seok-hyeong] Hey.
Do you have surgery on Thursday?
I heard it's for Yoo Gyeong-jin.
"Yoo Gyeong-jin"? You mean the violinist?
Wait, I know who she is, Yoo Yeong-jin.
-It's "Yoo Gyeong-jin."
-Right, Yoo Gyeong-jin.
Isn't she that famous musician?
Where does she live now?
-Who?
-Yoo Gyeong-jin.
Hey, guys, listen carefully.
I'm only going to say this once.
And that's it.
Mapo.
-You're wrong.
-Then Banpo?
I think she's based in Europe
and lives in Germany.
-[Jun-wan] What's happened to her?
-I think she has a brain tumor.
She was tested there,
but she returned this week
to get surgery here.
Her mother and the hospital director
are close friends.
They don't care for famous doctors.
They insisted that they're going to ask
for the best neurosurgeon at our hospital.
And with that, Song-hwa was chosen.
[Ik-jun] Wait, hold on.
You're coming back again this Thursday?
[Ik-jun sighs]
You should move to Hoengseong or Wonju.
Or get a room
near the Naerincheon Service Area.
I'll be back on Wednesday.
And I need to meet the patient
the day before the surgery.
Besides, Seon-bin is updating me
on the lab results
and the patient's condition.
Oh, that sounds intense.
I think you can just turn it down.
Oh, no, I wanna do it.
I love to do VIP surgeries.
[slurps]
You know, I used to do it of duty
because of the assignment we signed.
But now, something's keeping me motivated.
And what's that?
You don't need to know.
[munches]
Anyway, I'll do my best,
so I can operate on more patients.
-What do you mean?
-[Song-hwa giggles cheekily]
It's nothing.
Hey, Jeong-won. Why aren't you talking?
Yeah, right, you called all of us here.
So stop eating strawberries and talk.
Did you call us
just to have strawberries with us?
[breathes in annoyance]
Then don't you guys say a single word
from now on and let me talk.
-Then talk!
-Uh, knock yourself out.
-[Song-hwa] Yeah, what is it? Go on.
-[Seok-hyeong] Go ahead.
[deep exhale]
-I'm seeing Gyeo-ul.
-[comical music sting]
[scoffs]
And so am I.
I saw her yesterday and today too.
I see her every day. What's the big deal?
No, I mean…
What I'm trying to say is we're dating.
[comical music]
[inhales]
It's been going on for a month now.
[light music]
-[sighs]
-Is that why you decided to stay?
That was one of the biggest reasons, yeah.
I'm so happy for you.
I always thought you'd make a good couple.
Thank you.
[muffled snickering]
-Hey.
-Wait.
[chuckles]
Don't mind me.
I'm so happy for you.
Oh, come on.
I'm the happiest guy right now.
[chuckles]
Um, I already knew
because my mom told me last week.
Why didn't you say anything?
Hey, wait, how did your mother
find out about us?
I think your mother probably told her.
I don't know who told your mom.
Don't worry. We'll keep it
a secret at the hospital.
I want to tell everyone.
This is big news, you know.
But I won't do that
for dear Gyeo-ul's sake.
What? "Dear"?
You can't call her that anymore, huh?
So watch it.
I can.
But you can't. You better watch it.
Oh, right.
[all laughing]
[light music continues]
[munching]
[theme music]
-[mouse clicks]
-[sighs]
That won't be easy.
The location is bad.
Professor, this is my first
olfactory groove meningioma surgery.
The symptoms are quite unusual.
You become lethargic and…
You have no energy
and lose interest in everything.
Frontal lobe syndrome.
Oh, yes, I know what it is.
-Ooh.
-I've been studying.
[giggles]
Well done.
-Shall we go meet her?
-Sure.
[phone ringing]
Heo Seon-bin speaking.
Yeah, okay. Got it.
-[phone beeps]
-The ER needs me.
Just hurry. Don't worry.
I can do rounds by myself.
-Go ahead.
-Okay.
By the way, Yoo Gyeong-jin's guardian,
it's her mother.
She's just very intense. Just a heads-up.
Um, the thing is, just this week alone,
I went there more than five times a day
to explain the details of the symptoms,
and also book the time slots
they wanted for the tests,
and explained everything
about the surgery.
That's great. And?
Well, she didn't uncross her arms once.
I don't expect her to thank me,
but then, you see
that doubtful look in her eyes,
and the way she looks at me
just screams so loudly
that she doesn't really trust me
in what I do.
Hurry up. What are you waiting for?
I'm sorry.
I'll go explain the situation
to Min-chan's mother.
I'll tell her myself.
[phone beeps]
[Jae-hak] Thank you.
-[chuckles]
-[Jun-wan] I can't believe this.
-[Jae-hak] Uh…
-You're stepping out often.
Professor Kim.
CREDIT UNION
Are you trying to encourage me
or criticize me?
Just pick one.
Plus, this is the first time this week.
They needed all the documents
for the loan by today.
-You took a loan?
-Yes.
My wife's having a hard time
commuting from Paju,
and we haven't lived apart in so long,
so we decided to take out a loan
to rent an apartment.
That scammer hasn't been caught, right?
No, but the police are on the lookout.
Are you going to see Eun-ji?
I'll come with.
-Not Eun-ji. It's Min-chan.
-"Min-chan"?
[Jun-wan] A patient with DCMP.
We may need to implant another VAD.
[Jae-hak] DCMP?
Then he must have a history.
He was told last year
that his heart wasn't beating properly,
and that it was enlarged.
Did he come to the ER?
[Jun-wan] Yeah, he did two days ago.
We've been monitoring him.
But the heart rhythm problem
is getting worse even with inotropes.
He needs something,
whether an ECMO or a VAD.
I wanna use VAD if it's approved soon.
[sighs]
He was playing in the playground
up until two days ago.
If his mother hears
that he now needs a heart transplant,
she'll be very heartbroken.
I'll bring it up carefully.
I'm on my way to meet her now.
-How old is Min-chan?
-He's four.
-And his weight?
-He's 13…
[quirky music]
-What are you doing?
-Huh?
Why am I reporting this to you right now?
I don't know.
Uh…
I'll be off, then.
[comical music]
A VAD is a mechanical pump
that is used to support
the heart function,
so it can't support the lungs,
whereas the ECMO replaces
the function of the heart and lungs.
[heavy exhale]
[machines beeping]
So that means he needs
to depend on a machine.
This means he's in a serious condition?
Well…
[sighs]
I don't think Min-chan's heart
can hold out any longer.
It's too risky to let him go on like this.
Ultimately, he'll need a transplant.
He needs to be supported with a VAD
that is until we can find the right donor.
Um, could his condition improve
with just the support
of the VAD alone, Professor?
[Jun-wan sucks teeth]
Um, that can happen in some cases.
But I'm gonna tell you
the chances are slim,
so I don't wanna get your hopes up.
VAD is just temporary.
It's not a permanent solution.
So I can't say that
he'll recover with the VAD alone.
It can only support heart function,
but so many issues will arise
in the lungs such as infections.
If he can't hold out until it's approved,
we need to put him on ECMO
as an emergency measure.
[dramatic music]
[Jun-wan] But at the moment, I think
the VAD is still the best solution we have
to help Min-chan to hold on longer
until we find the right donor for him.
I'll get the screening started today.
The results will be out
in three to four days.
Our coordinator will walk you
through everything,
including the steps and the costs.
[shaky breathing]
Okay.
[sighs]
And also, we will do our best.
TREATMENT ROOM
[door slides open]
[deep breath]
[weeping]
A VAD is a mechanical pump
that is used to support heart function,
-so it cannot support the lungs.
-[door beeps]
Hello, Professor Kim. I'm Jang Hong-do.
Yes, hi.
You're shadowing Dr. Im Chang-min, right?
Yes, I'm shadowing him
in Cardiothoracic Surgery.
-Um, Professor, a VAD is--
-Oh, it looks like you know.
Then how is a pediatric VAD different?
Uh…
-Well…
-How are the ones in the ICU
different from the ones
you've seen in the PICU?
[nervous inhale]
-[Hong-do exhales]
-[comical music sting]
Have the answer ready
the next time I see you.
[Eun-ji's mom] It will be okay, hmm?
It's okay.
Everything will be okay.
[soft chuckle]
My kid has been on the VAD
for three months now.
And you know what,
she's staying so strong.
I see.
This is like a marathon.
And we're like the athletes
in the marathon.
And the race has just begun, hmm?
And come on, you're a mother.
You can't break down so soon.
Your kid is staying so strong.
And with that, so should you.
Thank you so much.
[chuckles]
And about Professor Kim Jun-wan, yes,
he can be blunt and straight to the point,
but he is very thorough.
He's a wonderful person.
I've been observing him
for over three months now.
-I see.
-Mm-hmm.
Every time my dear Eun-ji faced a hurdle,
he helped and protected her,
so she could overcome it.
So my advice, hmm?
Just think of the positive.
Trust that your child
can get through this.
[sobbing]
[gentle music]
Try to cheer up, okay?
The real marathon is just beginning.
[sobs]
Yes, thank you so much.
[gentle music continues]
-[knocks on door]
-[door opens]
[door closes]
[footsteps approaching]
Hello, ma'am.
[Song-hwa] Ms. Yoo Gyeong-jin, right?
Yes, hello, Doctor.
I heard you had a headache.
How are you feeling right now?
I still have one.
My head still hurts a little.
Mm-hmm. And do you feel listless?
I do. I just don't wanna do anything.
Yes, that's because
the tumor in front of the brain
can cause listlessness and lethargy.
And we suspect you have
an olfactory groove meningioma.
The symptoms include fatigue,
listlessness, and headaches.
[Mrs. Yoo] Her condition seems
to have gotten worse since coming here.
I asked for pain medicine
to get rid of her pain,
but what you gave her
wore off in half a day.
I came all this way because of…
[irritated groan]
-…a recommendation, but I'm worried.
-[inhales warily]
We can't prescribe pain medication
every time patients
or guardians ask for it.
That's because they can cause
liver damage
and gastrointestinal bleeding,
so we can't go over the approved amounts.
Yes, I know those things.
Well, then, I shall see you
in the evening.
You have to sign the consent form,
and we'll go over a few things
before your surgery.
I'll see you later.
-[groans in annoyance]
-[door opens]
Where's the professor
who's operating tomorrow?
Why do they keep sending
these young residents?
[enraged exhale]
The professor is in Sokcho now.
She'll probably be here by tonight.
[inhales]
I can't wait to meet her.
She's the tenth Professor of Neurosurgery
in the country.
I like her name, Chae Song-hwa.
Doesn't it sound impressive?
Hmm. Then we should
probably just wait and see.
Oh, gosh, we donated
so much money to this hospital.
I'm sure Mr. Kettle gave you
the best neurosurgeon,
that is if he has a conscience.
[chuckles]
[lips smack]
[breathes worriedly]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
You're still here?
Yeah, I went to see a patient
before I head out.
It's Yoo Gyeong-jin.
Difficult surgery?
Olfactory groove meningioma.
[Song-hwa] I'm sure you've heard of it.
It's a meningioma in the olfactory nerve,
just like the name suggests.
But the tumor is located pretty deep.
-You on duty tonight?
-Yeah, I'm on duty.
But you're not.
You should go home early tonight.
I will, after I check on Yoo Gyeong-jin.
[sucks teeth]
She must be very nervous
about the surgery.
Wow.
Chae Song-hwa, you really…
I just don't get how you can be so focused
whenever you start something.
You should never be in charge.
You know what? I had five phone calls
about Daddy-Long-Legs this month.
I need to work harder.
I need to turn
all your plans into reality.
I definitely need to work harder.
If you're going to keep this up,
I'm going to take it off your plate.
I don't want your life to be consumed
by all this work because of it.
But I really love it.
Oh, please, keep me on it.
[groans]
[chuckles]
And I have time.
There aren't many patients in Sokcho,
so time-wise, it's really perfect.
Oh, boy.
And you know, you're too busy these days.
You're taking care of all the surgeries.
And without you, the entire
Pediatric Surgery will shut down.
Where will all the kids
in PICU and NICU go?
[groans]
I should've asked Ik-jun to do it.
He's really busy too.
In the past two days,
he had transplant surgeries in a row.
[chuckles]
[pen clacks]
[comical music]
Have we picked a song out for this week?
Yup, but I'm not telling you.
It's in our group chat, you idiot.
-[groans]
-[cup clinks]
So nothing's really going
my way today. Oh, gosh.
-[alarm wailing]
-What is that? What is that?
[gasps]
-[gasps]
-[wailing continues]
-What's that?
-What?
What was that?
-Nothing.
-What is it? Was it you?
No, it wasn't me.
That was just her ringtone.
What is this jerk saying?
Are you confused?
Hey, it's me.
I already know
that you're Daddy-Long-Legs.
Oh, right. You already know.
-Yeah, he knows.
-But how?
Oh, yeah. How did you find out?
Is that important now?
From now on, I'm Daddy-Long-Legs.
-Why you? You're too short.
-[cup scrapes]
Ugh, that was lame.
It was kind of funny.
[scoffs]
Seriously? You really like his jokes?
It's decided. I'm going
to be Daddy-Long-Legs from now on.
Don't tell anyone, understood?
[scoffs]
[sighs]
Okay, fine.
I heard you. You can relax now. Oh, gosh.
This is a part of me now.
It's like a tattoo.
[phone ringing]
Yeah, I'm coming.
-[inhales]
-[phone beeps]
Hey, whether it's a tattoo
or whatever else…
Oh, gosh. Just take it easy.
[giggles]
[door closes]
Has Seok-min lost his mind?
Why? The two of us can do it.
The fellow doctor
was really nervous and stressed out,
so Seok-min volunteered to scrub in.
His wife's surgery is tomorrow,
and apparently, she has cancer.
He won't be able to focus,
so Seok-min volunteered for him.
Did you tell him?
Oh, no, he already knew about it
before I even told him.
[sighs deeply]
-[elevator dings]
-He went through hoops to get out of here.
-[elevator doors open]
-So why volunteer to come back?
[sighs]
Jeez.
[Song-hwa] The surgery
is for a brain tumor,
and it'll be an open brain surgery.
The tumor is located deep,
so there are risks,
and you may lose a lot of blood.
[inhales]
After the surgery, you may experience
unexpected neurological complications
or infection.
Uh, I'll go over the details
when you sign the consent form.
Okay.
-You must be very nervous.
-I am.
Well, you know, my team
is very experienced,
and we'll be fully prepared,
so don't worry.
[Mrs. Yoo] You know, Doctor.
I know the hospital director very well.
Are you really well-versed
in this type of tumor,
and do you know how to treat it?
I really have many questions about it.
I'd like to speak to someone
who's more knowledgeable
and can give us an in-depth explanation.
When will the professor be here
to go over this with us?
Professor Chae Song-hwa.
Oh, the surgery is tomorrow.
Shouldn't she go over this with us
the day before surgery?
I am Chae Song-hwa.
I'm Professor Chae Song-hwa.
Oh!
She will be performing the surgery.
She's the professor.
Uh…
Oh, Professor Chae. My gosh.
It's just that you look so young.
I, I thought you were a resident.
I think your daughter
has an intracranial meningioma.
Um, and it is a brain tumor.
And we will remove the tumor
during the surgery.
The tumor is pretty big,
and it will be a long
and complicated surgery.
There could be post-complications.
We'll need to monitor her in the ICU
after the surgery.
But this meningioma is a benign tumor,
so you don't need
to worry too much, ma'am.
Okay, thank you so much.
[sighs]
And, uh, if I may, ma'am.
The resident doctors that are taking care
of this are neurosurgeons too.
They study in this field
for almost ten years.
They have all the necessary
medical knowledge,
and they actually know more
about the patient than I do.
[Song-hwa] So they'll be able to answer
all of your questions as well.
[shyly]
Right.
You need to sleep well, so you'll
be ready for the surgery tomorrow.
We'll be fully prepared
to see you tomorrow with smiles on.
Okay, Professor.
Good night.
[soft chuckle]
[peaceful music]
[door opens]
-Oh, gosh.
-[door closes]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Hello, ma'am, how are you feeling today?
[Su-jeong groans in pain]
Doctor.
Oh, god, it hurts.
My belly feels tight today.
It, uh, feels a little heavy down there.
I can feel like, like there's
something running down there.
Just a moment. I'll be right back.
MATERNAL FETAL INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
I need a nurse! I need someone
to get the speculum set! Hurry!
Professor Yang,
Kim Su-jeong's baby is in the external os.
Both feet and the cord are out.
She really needs the surgery right away.
Get ready and call the Pediatrics now.
I'll be right there.
Tell the Anesthesiology
that she'll need general anesthesia.
[phone beeps]
Please excuse me.
I have an emergency surgery.
-Okay.
-[door opens]
[whimpering]
[dramatic music]
[Min-ha] Hurry up and move her quickly.
We're all set, right?
We can go ahead and drape her?
DRAPING: STERILIZATION
[clangs]
[heavy exhale]
[clacks]
SURGERY IN PROGRESS
[dramatic music continues]
[nervous exhale]
OPERATING UNIT
[sharp exhale]
[rasps]
[clangs]
-[clacks]
-[water trickling]
[clanks]
-[Song-hwa] Why do you look so serious?
-[Jun-wan] Hey.
[Song-hwa] What kind of surgery
do you have?
[Jun-wan] It's ALCAPA, anomalous left
coronary artery from the pulmonary artery.
But the heart rhythm is uneven,
and the coronary artery is pretty far.
Not sure if I can do this. I'm so worried.
[inhales]
It's likely that the patient will leave
the OR with the chest open or an ECMO.
[breathes deeply]
-[Jun-wan] Wish me luck.
-Mm.
Wish me luck too.
[Song-hwa breathes deeply]
-[Ik-jun humming]
-[mouse clicking]
Oh, this patient, Kim Jang-ho.
The immunosuppressant levels are too high.
I told him to come back in two weeks
because they were low.
Um, Professor, I think
he's been drinking again.
[whispers]
Who is it?
He had a liver transplant
from his daughter a year ago.
And from his elder daughter
three years ago.
What?
Let's examine the next patient first.
-[nurse] Sure.
-[keyboard clacking]
-Mr. Choi Sang-ha.
-[Sang-ha] Yes.
Let me check your name and registration.
[Sang-ha] It's 3978654.
-[wheels rattle]
-[sighs]
Okay, ma'am, I think I'll remove it
while you're holding him like that.
Yes, Doctor, it looks like
you really have to do it like this.
Seung-won, it won't hurt at all.
The doctor knows exactly
what he's doing, okay?
[sniffles]
Let's see.
-Ah! No, it hurts!
-Ah…
-[Jeong-won] Hold on.
-[Seung-won breathing rapidly]
[Jeong-won] There, it's done!
It's all done now, Seung-won.
-[panting]
-See that? It didn't hurt at all.
I have to say, the wound looks clean.
Here.
Okay, it will sting a little, Seung-won.
But it'll be okay.
Today, we have to remove, uh…
One, two, three, four, five, six…
We'll remove seven stitches today, okay?
It's okay, Seung-won.
It'll be done before you know it, hmm?
Okay, I'm going to disinfect it first.
This will feel nice and cool.
No! Stop! I don't like this.
It hurts! It hurts!
I don't wanna do this!
Seung-won, it doesn't hurt at all.
It feels nice.
No, it's not! I don't like this!
I don't wanna do this!
It's going to feel nice and cool.
[Jeong-won] There, it's done.
It's all done.
Didn't that feel nice?
It doesn't hurt at all.
[relieved sigh]
So far, so good.
You're doing great, Seung-won.
[Jeong-won] All right.
Uh…
-[clinks]
-Ah! Don't do it! It hurts!
It hurts! Please don't!
Seung-won, it doesn't hurt at all.
Please be honest.
The doctor didn't do anything yet.
Just stay still, so he can be quick.
If not, it'll take forever.
I'll do it quickly, and I'll make sure
it doesn't hurt, okay?
Ah! Don't do it! It hurts! Stop it!
Seung-won, the doctor
didn't do anything yet, okay?
He didn't even get to start
because you keep crying.
[sobbing]
Ah! Don't do it!
You're hurting me, Doctor!
[Jeong-won sighs]
This isn't working. Seung-won,
how about we take a break first, okay?
[sighs]
Sorry, ma'am, uh,
I'll go treat the other kids first.
Why don't you go with Seung-won
and try to make him feel better first?
And it looks like you might have
to negotiate with him a little.
[sighs]
Yes, Dr. Ahn.
I'm very sorry.
You can go down.
-[sighs]
-[door slides close]
-All right, you can let Da-eun in.
-[nurse] Okay.
[machines beeping]
[serious music]
[Song-hwa] The adhesion is quite strong.
Gosh, it's difficult to dissect the tumor.
[Seok-min] Should I pull it this way
with the retractor, Professor?
[Song-hwa] Yes, please.
-[monitor beeping]
-[hissing]
[Jun-wan] Don't you dare touch the heart.
It'll cause fibrillation.
FIBRILLATION: VENTRICULAR FIBRILLATION
I'll tent the pericardium now.
TECHNIQUE FOR CREATING
A PERICARDIAL TENT
So far, we did a biopsy during the surgery
and confirmed that it's not cancerous.
And also, I think
we did everything we could,
so keep taking your meds,
and we'll see how it goes.
-Thank you very much, Professor Lee.
-Sure.
[door slides open]
[deep exhale]
[door slides close]
Is Mr. Kim Jang-ho next?
Yes.
[door opens]
How are you, Professor Lee?
-Hello, Professor Lee.
-[Ik-jun] Hello.
[clicking]
[sullen music]
-[anxious exhale]
-[annoyed sigh]
[mouse clicking]
Sir, have you been taking
your medications?
Why, yes, of course.
[inhales]
It doesn't seem like you have.
[sighs disappointedly]
Your immunosuppressant levels
are too high.
Maybe you suddenly…
started taking them
because of this appointment.
[chuckles]
No, of course not.
Mr. Kim.
I think you've been drinking again.
[scoffs]
No, I haven't.
No, not at all.
[chuckles shyly]
-[annoyed sigh]
-Oh, please. Come on.
These numbers are telling me the truth.
Your blood work shows it all.
So how much did you drink?
[sniffles]
Uh, just a little.
I only drank just a little.
[sighs]
And how many bottles at a time?
A bottle and a half…
Tsk.
A bottle and a half? Give me a break.
I wasn't really planning on drinking.
I went out for dinner,
and my friends forced me to drink.
Have you ever told them
that you've had a liver transplant?
Yes, I've told them.
What kind of friends
would force someone to drink,
knowing he's had a liver transplant?
[angry exhale]
I wouldn't consider them a friend.
[heavy sigh]
Professor Lee.
Last week alone, he was drinking
for five days straight.
He just won't stop drinking.
He drinks until dawn every time.
How could he just do this?
No one in his right mind would do this!
Why would you bring this up?
Just be quiet!
[Mrs. Kim exhales]
-[squeaks]
-[gasps]
Hi. Are you Ms. Kim Su-jeong's husband?
-Yes. How did it go, Doctor?
-[panting]
I'm Kim U-jae from Pediatrics.
Uh, I heard the staff in OB-GYN
worked hard to help you keep the baby,
but the fetus was too young,
uh, and the situation
was worse than expected.
Unfortunately, we weren't able
to send the baby to the NICU.
It didn't go well, sir.
[breathes deeply]
We really did our best,
but we couldn't save the baby.
-[breathes deeply]
-[dramatic music]
But how's my wife? Is she okay, Doctor?
Um, Ms. Kim is being operated on
by Professor Yang at the moment.
He'll update you on everything
once he's out of the OR.
[exhales hopelessly]
[dramatic music continues]
[sighs]
-[machine beeping]
-[heart beating]
[Seok-hyeong] Please pass me the thread.
Are her vitals okay?
[doctor] Yes, they seem fine.
[Seok-hyeong] Mm.
[plastic crinkles]
[nurse] I'll start counting.
One, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine…
[sniffles and breathes nervously]
[Seung-won] Ah! It hurts! It hurts!
Stop it! I don't wanna do this!
[sobs]
[father] Seung-won, he needs
to do this to make the pain go away.
The doctor promised.
It will be quick and painless.
It'll only take a moment, hmm?
It'll sting three times, and that's it.
Seung-won, I promise I'll make sure
it doesn't hurt at all, okay, hmm?
All right.
[Seung-won] Ah! It hurts!
I don't wanna do this!
I don't want to do this! Stop, please!
-[sobbing]
-[breathes deeply]
Park Seung-won, I've had enough!
Our doctor can't take out
your stitches because of you!
He did your surgery and treated you.
Why do you keep doing this?
[cries]
-[tools clink]
-[mother sighs]
[light tapping]
Really, it's okay. I can finish
the other appointment first.
Why don't you just try to calm him down?
And then you can just come back
after my last appointment.
Don't worry.
[Seung-won sobs]
Just talk to him
and try to calm him down again.
You can come back anytime he's ready.
Okay, thank you.
[inhales]
Oh, my goodness.
Let's go, Seung-won.
Oh, my goodness. I'm sorry.
[machine beeping]
The patient's losing quite a bit of blood.
[Song-hwa sighs]
What's the BP now?
[doctor] It's dropping, 90 over 70.
Then if we have the blood ready,
go get it quickly.
-[nurse] Okay.
-[button clicks]
[serious music]
-[monitor beeping]
-[hissing]
The doctor from Pediatrics came
and performed CPR on the baby
for 20 to 30 minutes.
[exhales]
But it failed as the baby was too young.
[sobbing]
[Seok-hyeong] You've been doing so well
for almost four weeks.
And we really tried our best.
But we're sorry that this happened.
Ms. Kim, you should focus
on your recovery now.
You were under general anesthesia,
so we're going to focus
on helping you recover…
from the surgery.
[dramatic music]
[Su-jeong weeping]
[dramatic music continues]
[sobbing]
[breathes deeply]
Mr. Kim, we met three years ago.
Yes. You saved my life back then, Doctor.
[chuckles]
Three years ago,
when you collapsed while drinking
and lost consciousness,
your eldest daughter became your donor.
[sniffles and sobs]
Professor Lee.
This is all my fault, Professor Lee.
[sobs]
And what did you do?
You started drinking again.
So your younger daughter
had to donate her liver last year.
And you're back at it?
[exhales embarrassingly]
[enraged breath]
Your children volunteered,
but you should not take it for granted.
Right?
[somber music]
[sobbing]
It rarely happens now,
thanks to the technology,
but many people died
during liver surgeries back in the day.
Donors have to risk their lives
to get the surgery.
Your daughters risked their lives for you.
And you know what, countless people die
because they can't find
the right donors for themselves.
[disappointed sigh]
I'm very sorry.
Let's get this straight. If you come
back here with liver damage again,
you will have to find
a brain-dead liver donor.
But why should I bother
if you'll drink again?
[exhales]
For the sake of the donor
and the donor's family,
you know what, I can't do this.
I refuse to do this.
Why should I bother doing this
if you're going to drink anyway?
I refuse to treat you from now on.
I will refer you to a clinic
near your home, so just please, um…
don't ever come back.
Professor Lee, I'm very sorry.
I won't drink again. I promise.
I will never ever drink again.
I'm sorry, Professor.
Call the next patient.
Okay.
[clears throat, inhales]
[sighs]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[machine beeping]
[Jun-wan] I think we're almost done.
[Jae-hak] Yes, Professor.
It really looks good.
[heart thumping]
[Hong-do] The heartbeat is strong
and steady, Professor.
[Jun-wan sighs in relief]
Oh, my. Thank goodness.
We can close up the chest.
We won't need an ECMO.
Let's keep this up.
[Jae-hak] Okay.
[hisses]
[uncomfortable groan]
[sighs]
Oh, my goodness.
[hissing]
-[clicks]
-[hisses]
ANESTHESIA DURATION, CURRENT TIME,
ELAPSED TIME
[machines beeping]
[sighs]
[Song-hwa] Do you see
that the tumor's been removed?
[Seon-bin] Yes, Professor.
[Song-hwa] You can remove
the microscope now.
[nurse] Got it.
[Song-hwa] What's the BP now?
Is the blood going in?
[doctor] Yes, everything looks fine.
[heavy sigh]
That was a hard one.
[Seok-min chuckles]
[Seok-min] We'll close up
the dura and the rest.
Professor, we'll take care
of things from here.
[Song-hwa] Okay. Close up
the dura thoroughly so the CSF won't leak.
Keep the bleeding under control
and wrap it up well.
[Seok-min] Will do.
[machine humming]
[squeaking]
[exhales]
We have successfully removed the tumor.
[relieved sighs]
-Professor Chae, thank you so much.
-Thank you. Thank you so much.
Thank you so much, Professor.
[inhales]
And a resident doctor is wrapping up
the surgery at the moment.
The patient will be moved to the ICU soon.
Check on her in the ICU.
Yes, thank you so much, Professor Chae.
Thank you very much.
-Thank you.
-Thank you very much.
[both sigh]
[heavy sigh]
[Mr. Yoo] Hey.
[deep exhale]
[Ik-jun] Hey, why are you sitting
out here in the cold?
And what about you? Why are you here?
[Ik-jun sighs]
-[slurps]
-[inhales]
[sighs]
[breathes deeply]
Well, you know, I have a lot on my mind.
[slurps]
The baby…
You couldn't save it?
[sharp inhale]
It happens rarely.
A baby expiring as soon
as it's out of the OR.
The mother did her very best.
She kept the baby
and held out until Week 23.
[deep breath]
[groans]
I have to do rounds now.
[sighs]
But I really don't want to.
I really know what you mean, man.
[inhales]
[gentle music]
I'm at a loss for words.
There's nothing I can say
to try to comfort her.
I really have no idea…
as to what I should say to her.
[breathes deeply]
[heavy sigh]
[gentle music continues]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-[merry ringing tone]
-[hissing]
-Hello?
-[Ik-sun] Mm. Hey, you.
Hey, Ik-sun, before the surgery,
I really thought the patient
would need the heart-lung machine,
but you know what,
the heart was beating so well after…
[Ik-sun yawns]
[sighs]
Are you okay?
[Ik-sun] I had an encounter
with a racist earlier.
What?
[Ik-sun] I went to a café earlier today,
and I tried to order myself a latte.
But the person taking my order
kept asking me,
as if she couldn't understand me.
I only said two words. "Latte, please."
Oh, I'm so pissed right now.
[sighs]
Did you confront them and call them out?
[Ik-sun] I was so flustered
that I couldn't say anything.
I told Se-gyeong about it
after I left the café,
and Se-gyeong said
what I experienced was racism.
I'm just so upset right now.
[breathes deeply]
By the way, Jun-wan,
were you saying something earlier?
Right. But it's not important.
Did you have lunch? You probably didn't.
[Jun-wan] I see. I should have dinner too.
Right.
[machines beeping]
[exhales deeply]
[doors open]
[squirts, swishes]
-[Song-hwa] Hello.
-[Mrs. Yoo] Oh, Professor Chae.
I just checked the CT scan.
It shows that the tumor
has been completely removed.
[relieved sighs]
-[Mrs. Yoo] Thank you very much.
-Thank you very much. Thank you.
Everything went as planned.
And she's waking up from anesthesia now.
For now, it's still a bit early
to say anything,
but we'll see how she recovers
in the ICU in the next two days,
and then we'll move her back
in the room if all is good.
Okay, thank you so much.
-Thank you very much, Professor Chae.
-[chuckles]
Our residents will monitor her thoroughly,
and I'll check in on her often as well,
so please, you don't need to worry.
-Okay, thank you so much.
-Thanks. Okay.
-[Mr. Yoo] We're grateful.
-Excuse me.
[relieved sigh]
[elevator hums]
[elevator dings]
-[recorded voice] Third floor.
-[sighs]
Doors are opening.
Professor Chae,
what are you still doing here?
I saw the patient, but I'll get going.
Don't tell me you're still
going to Sokcho at this hour.
I'm going to leave in an hour.
But I'll come back
after my morning appointments.
I have to check in
on her postoperative hemorrhage.
What?
Can't you move those appointments
to another day, Professor?
My goodness, you're tired.
I can't. I only take
outpatient appointments once a week.
Some patients come all the way
from Samcheok and Donghae.
I'll be back before you know it.
Get some sleep before you leave.
You were in surgery all day long.
I'll sleep when I get there.
Good job today, Seon-bin.
Thank you for everything, Professor Chae.
-[button beeps]
-[soft chuckle]
[recorded voice] Doors are closing.
[doorknob clanks]
[exhales]
[deep breath]
[gentle music]
[breathes deeply]
[door slides open]
Good evening.
[Seok-hyeong] How are you feeling?
[thuds]
[breathes deeply]
[gentle music continues]
[sighs]
Hello. How are you, ma'am?
-Ah, hello.
-[Jeong-won chuckles]
[Jeong-won] I noticed
that you're still here.
Where is Seung-won?
His dad took him to get some dinner.
[Jeong-won] I see.
I didn't want to go…
because I was so angry at him.
-[exhales]
-[deep sigh]
We couldn't remove the stitches today.
I'm sorry he was a handful, Doctor.
[chuckles]
[sighs deeply]
I'm just so upset.
I don't know how to understand him.
Why can't he just do it?
[inhales]
This is too much.
[deep inhale]
Oh, boy.
You know, ma'am.
Seung-won just recovered
from his cancer surgery.
So he knows, he knows
how to endure a lot more pain than we do.
I understand why you're upset.
But you came this far
because you've been so patient with him,
and you're doing a great job.
So removing a few stitches is nothing
compared to the time
when he needed the surgery.
So what happened earlier is nothing
to be ashamed of compared to that.
[deep sigh]
Everything is all right.
So please, ma'am,
you don't need to worry about anything.
Besides, we can always
try again in about a week.
[chuckles softly]
[hums in affirmation]
[sniffles and exhales]
Professor Ahn.
Do you know what people call you?
What?
It's just that you're Catholic,
but people nicknamed you Buddha.
-Oh, that.
-[both chuckle]
Professor Ahn.
I heard rumors that you may be quitting.
That's not true, right?
Why would I be quitting?
[laughs]
That's not true.
[relieved sigh]
Thank goodness.
[chuckles]
You know…
[sniffles]
…the thought of you leaving this hospital
worries me more
than my husband quitting his job.
[chuckles]
I'll remove Seung-won's stitches,
and I will stay right here
until he graduates from high school,
so don't worry about a thing.
So just go, have some dinner now.
Seung-won is probably waiting for you.
[sniffles, exhales]
Thank you so much, Professor Ahn.
[chuckles]
Go on.
[deep sigh]
-I'll get going.
-Goodbye.
["In Front of the Post Office
in Autumn" playing]
[in Korean]
♪ All the beautiful things in the world ♪
♪ How long will they last? ♪
♪ Like the flowers that withstood ♪
♪ The summer rain showers ♪
♪ And the trees that withstood ♪
♪ The snowstorm last winter ♪
♪ Can everything under the sky ♪
♪ Stand alone? ♪
♪ One autumn day ♪
♪ While waiting for you
In front of the post office ♪
♪ I got carried away by my thoughts ♪
♪ And didn't even realize
The sun was setting ♪
♪ I didn't even realize ♪
♪ The sun was ♪
♪ Setting ♪
[song ends]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Seung-ju yawns]
[button clicks]
[sighs]
[Seung-ju] How many cups
of coffee do we have?
[Min-ha] I think around four.
I don't think the coffee here
has any caffeine.
-I wouldn't know. I only drink decaf.
-[sighs]
-[elevator dings]
-[soft chuckle]
-[recorded voice] Doors are opening.
-[irked exhale]
-[Seung-ju] Hello, Professor Yang.
-[Eun-won] Hello, Professor.
Hey. Hello.
Hello, Professor.
Have you had lunch, Professor?
-Yes, I have.
-Hello. How are you?
-Hello.
-It's nice to meet you.
[playful music]
-What are you doing?
-What? Why?
Your finger is on the open button.
Oh! Oh, right.
[recorded voice] Doors are closing.
-Whoo! Whoa!
-[recorded voice] Doors are opening.
Whoa! Look who's here.
The tteokbokki lover girl with heart!
Choo-choo! It's you!
-Hello, Professor.
-[Ik-jun chuckles]
-[both in unison] Hello, Professor.
-Hello. Hi.
Yes, well…
[playful music continues]
Hey, hit the close button.
Right.
[sighs]
[recorded voice] Doors are closing.
[phone ringing]
Mm-hmm.
Yes, Director Ju?
Yes.
Okay, I'll do it.
Let's see. I think
I have some time on the weekend.
But let me check one thing
and call you right back.
Just don't confirm it yet.
Okay.
-[line ends]
-[knocks on door]
-Professor Chae, I bought some cake.
-[Song-hwa chuckles]
I was just about to call you.
How did you know?
-Take a seat.
-Really? What's up?
[sighs]
So are you free this Saturday?
Well, I'm still on duty.
And I have to do rounds in the ICU too,
so I can't go anywhere
even if I win the lottery.
[chuckles]
How about Seok-min?
Right! Doesn't he have a test?
The second one.
-Is it this Saturday?
-[plastic rustles]
Yes, he's cramming for the test right now.
[Song-hwa] Aw.
-Why do you ask?
-Oh, nothing.
[munches]
It's good.
You should have bought the whole cake.
Just for the two of us?
Of course, the whole thing.
-Um, Professor.
-[Song-hwa] Yeah?
Yoo Gyeong-jin's mother
was looking for you.
For me? Why?
But I was just there earlier.
I think that she wants
to talk to you about something.
[sighs]
"Introduction to Obstetrics."
Hey, Seok-hyeong.
-Are you digging through your books again?
-Put that down.
Don't touch anything.
Just ask your questions
and get lost, will you?
-[tapping]
-[wheels rattle]
You have two surgeries today.
Aren't you busy?
I am, but I'm not too busy to see you.
Why? What is it?
-I need answers when I'm curious.
-Just spill it.
Are you and Sin-hye back together?
Why did you two meet up today?
Her father has been discharged.
Are you guys trying to see
if you can make things work?
We're not.
Her father had an appointment today.
I just ran into her in the elevator.
Ah, I see. My goodness.
Probability of getting back together?
Zero.
"Zero zero"?
There's zero chance that that will happen.
-[inhales]
-[wheels rattle]
[deep inhale]
[door opens]
I came here to have dinner with you.
[bright music]
Why don't we…
meet up like this and have dinner together
once in a while?
[soft chuckle]
Do you think we can do that?
[clinks]
[gulps]
[cup clinks]
Honestly, you know,
seeing you like this makes me…
uncomfortable.
Whenever I see you,
I still, I still feel very bad.
And I feel really guilty
for not being there for you
when you were having a hard time.
[dramatic music]
But if you should know, uh, I think…
we should put our relationship
behind us and move on.
I'm really fine with this.
Running into you was good, but that's it.
Mm.
I guess you're right.
I understand what you're trying to say.
[exhales]
[dramatic music continues]
[phone ringing]
DIRECTOR JU
[munching, gulps]
Hello, Director Ju.
[Jeon] Hey, you said
you'd call me right back.
-I don't think I can do it.
-[Jeon] Why? Why not?
Some people would kill
for an opportunity like this.
Can it be a different day?
Does it have to be this Saturday?
[Jeon] It's the only day
that works for them.
You performed the surgery.
You should do it.
You said you were available.
[inhales]
I'll just pass.
-Why don't you do it in my behalf?
-[Jeon] Oh, my goodness. Are you crazy?
Why should I? You should do it.
[giggles]
-All right, then. I'll politely decline.
-Okay.
[Jeon] Professor Chae,
thanks for everything.
I promise not to overwork you
like this anymore.
Uh, it's nothing. It's really fine.
If it's surgery for VIP patients,
don't worry.
Just send them over to me right away,
and I'll take care of it.
[Jeon] Oh, really? I didn't know
you had this side to you.
[giggles]
[Jeon] Ah, anyway, just take it easy.
-I will.
-[Jeon] Bye.
[phone beeps, thuds]
[breathes deeply]
[chuckles]
[slurps]
[giggles, exclaims]
Mm. What's with the flowers?
Mm. We can't accept gifts,
but Ms. Kim Su-jeong asked me
to make sure Professor Yang gets it.
[sighs]
I guess he didn't get to see her
when she was discharged.
-Is he still in surgery right now?
-Mm.
But he texted her last night.
Who texted? You mean Professor Yang?
-Yes.
-That's very unlike him.
He asked me to give him
her contact information last night.
He said he had never texted a patient
since passing the board exam.
So what did he say to her?
[hums]
Oh, hello, Professor Yang.
-Hello, Professor.
-Hmm, hello.
Uh, oh, nice flowers.
Do you know who these are for?
Patient Kim Su-jeong
dropped them off for you.
There's a card inside too.
But we can't just… accept flowers.
-Professor Yang.
-Just take it easy.
[light music]
-[Jun-wan] Where are you going?
-[Song-hwa] VIP Ward. And you?
-ICU. Do you have surgery?
-I have.
But I'm heading there right now
while they're getting ready.
Hey, new optician's shop?
Yeah, everything's 30 percent off.
Hey! Hello! Oh, look who's here.
It's Dr. Heo Seon-bin,
the third-year NS resident
who seems to be dating Dr. Yong. Hmm.
How do you know everything?
Hello, Professors.
[panting]
-Professor Chae, have you heard the news?
-About what?
What's up? Is this something interesting?
A German TV station
wants to cover the story.
I don't think your patient
is well enough to be interviewed yet.
No, they actually want
to interview Professor Chae.
-For Chae Song-hwa?
-Yes.
[Jun-wan] Mm-hmm.
The best neurosurgeon in Korea
who saved the world-famous violinist.
-That's why they want to interview you.
-I know. Director Ju told me about it.
Really, he did?
I passed. I politely declined the offer.
But why? Why did you
decline their request?
Nothing. Just no reason.
Uh, I think it's because
of her mother, right?
You must have turned it down
because you don't like her mother, right?
Not at all. I don't dislike her mother.
Even if I did, why would I turn down
the interview because of that?
It's not the reason.
Then why? Why did you turn it down?
Uh…
Because none of you will be available.
How could I do it alone
when we all worked hard together?
[Song-hwa] I thought it would be great
to have you guys join me,
so I suggested a few different time slots,
but they can only do it this Saturday.
That's why I turned it down.
Oh, this is nuts.
[crinkles]
Professor Chae…
It's okay. I told them
we'll find another time.
We'll do it when everyone is available.
[grunting]
What are you doing?
[Ik-jun] I'm making a statue for Song-hwa.
What? Are you serious?
[cackles]
-Is that me?
-Obviously.
Next time, it'll be a bronze one.
[chuckles]
Oh, forget it. I'm off.
[upbeat music]
Hey, try it on.
-[Song-hwa] Cut it out.
-[Jun-wan] It doesn't look so bad.
Try it on.
-Come on, try it on.
-[Song-hwa] You try it on.
-[Song-hwa] Here.
-[Ik-jun] Oh, Song-hwa! No!
-Are you all right? No!
-[Song-hwa] Hand it over.
-[Jun-wan] You know what, just try it on.
-Hand it over. Let me try it on.
-What happened to you, Song-hwa?
-Hey, it ripped! My face is torn.
[Ik-jun] You know, next time,
it will be a statue.
[sighs]
[rustles]
[Su-jeong] Professor Yang.
It's me, your patient, Kim Su-jeong.
I really wanted to see you before I leave,
but you were in surgery,
so I'm writing to you instead.
Professor Yang, you know, I cried so much
when I got your message last night.
I wanted to leave
with a big smile on my face,
but your text message moved me
and my husband to tears.
Professor Yang,
please don't feel bad anymore.
Thanks to your help,
we had a meaningful month
listening to our baby's heartbeat
and feeling our baby
for the very first time.
You probably have no idea
how precious those moments were
to me and my husband
even though they were short-lived.
Professor Yang, when the right time comes
and another angel comes to me,
I would like you to protect
my baby once again.
We would like to thank you
for everything that you did for us.
Oh, and also my husband
has already printed the quote
you sent us, and he also framed it.
[rustles]
BAD THINGS AT TIMES
DO HAPPEN TO GOOD PEOPLE
[warm music]
INTRODUCTION TO OBSTETRICS
[Seok-hyeong] I found this quote
on the first page
of my Obstetrics textbook.
It says, "Bad things…
at times, do happen to good people."
[somber music]
[Mrs. Yoo] Professor Chae.
Yes?
Are you still single?
What? Oh, uh, yes.
[chuckles]
Would you like to meet
Gyeong-jin's brother?
[Mrs. Yoo chuckles]
I think the two of you
are around the same age.
He's not like me,
so he's kind and diligent.
[awkward chuckle]
He has his own pharmacy.
A pretty big one in Gangnam.
And if you're okay with it,
Professor Chae,
I would love to introduce you
to each other.
Uh…
[awkward exhale]
[chuckles]
[gentle music]
[gasps, exhales]
[clicks]
[clacks]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[exhales]
[groans]
[beeps]
THIS HAS AN EXTRA SHOT OF ESPRESSO
IF YOU'RE NOT SLEEPY,
DRINK THIS DECAF COFFEE
[merry music]
[chuckles]
[drums playing]
["Beyond The Rainbow Forest" music]
-So is he coming?
-Well, he moved all his appointments
-and came straight here.
-I'll be right there.
[Jun-wan] Isn't there a guardian?
There's no one. No family or relatives.
[Jae-hak] And she's always alone.
The patient's not doing well,
so we don't have time.
-[Song-hwa] Can you take a look?
-[Ik-jun] Is it someone you know?
Who is it?
[Song-hwa] If you really think
the surgery cannot be done,
then I'll give up.
I'll have my peace with it.
Don't worry too much.
[Min-ha] Just so you know,
I believe in miracles.
Right now, we're going into surgery.
Are you not seeing anyone?
Don't you have a girlfriend?
[Seon-bin] Just pick one of your friends
and just tell them he's your boyfriend.
I have a date.
[Seon-bin] The owner
of Yulje Medical Center is very wealthy.
You know that your mother owns
some land in Hwaseong, right?
-She'll give it to you as an inheritance.
-Really?
If it's him,
they'll definitely believe you.
[Seon-bin] He's practically
your best friend.
You know what, Dad, they went camping,
and every day they brag about it.
You know what, we can go too.
Let's go camping.
-Really?
-Yeah.
[Gyeo-ul] Professor,
what will we do if people see us?
Everyone will find out at this rate.
[Seon-bin] You know,
she probably won't give up.
I like you.